Raven.DynamicSession====================Raven.DynamicSession is a dynamic session allowing you to use RavenDB without the need of POCOs.The idea came up discussing APIs with prabir in https://jabbr.net and so I decided to see if I could come up with something that achieved what he wanted. So far I have a working prototype that allows for you to create a Dynamic Session which you can Insert or Load dynamic objects.```csharpusing (dynamic session = documentStore.OpenDynamicSession()){    session.Posts.insert(new    {        Name = "Rabbit"    }, "909");    session.Posts.Insert(new    {        Name = "Banana"    }, "123");    session.People.insert(new    {        FirstName = "Phillip"    }, "1");    session.People.Insert(new    {        FirstName = "Prabir"    }, "2");    session.SaveChanges();}```The above uses the dynamic property 'Posts' or 'people' as the document collection, then invokes a dynamic method which takes a parameter of data. In this case it takes 2 arguments, the object, and the Id. Currently I can't auto insert Ids but that may be possible in the future.These objects are automatically inserted and it uses the property to set the Raven-Entity-Name to ensure they all end up in their own collections.```csharpusing (dynamic session = documentStore.OpenDynamicSession()){    dynamic post1 = session.Posts.load(123);    Console.WriteLine(post1.Name);    dynamic post2 = session.Posts.Load(909);    Console.WriteLine(post2.Name);    dynamic person1 = session.People.load(1);    Console.WriteLine(person1.FirstName);    dynamic person2 = session.People.Load(2);    Console.WriteLine(person2.FirstName);}```This code, like the previous code uses the property as the collection, and invokes the Load method from the normal RavenDB session, returning a dynamic type. At the moment it accepts an int for the Id and uses the property to construct the RavenDB document Id like: `posts/123`*I wouldn't recommend using this for any real world projects... yet, maybe in the future but this is very much a prototype project to see if it's even possible to achieve something like this.*